5593 azure.resource manager.core readme (#21858)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/resourcemanager/Azure.ResourceManager.Core/samples/Sample3_CreatingAVirtualNetwork.md

Example: Creating a Virtual Network
--------------------------------------

In this example, we'll create a virtual network. Since the SDK follows the resource hierarchy in Azure, we'll need to do this inside of a resource group. Start by creating a new resource group, like we did above:

```csharp
var armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());
ResourceGroupContainer rgContainer = armClient.DefaultSubscription.GetResourceGroups();
ResourceGroup resourceGroup = await rgContainer.Construct(LocationData.WestUS2).CreateAsync(rg);
```

Now that we have a resource group, we'll create our virtual network. To do this, we will use a helper method on the container object called `Construct`. The helper method allows us to create the request object and then send that to the `Create` method.

```csharp
VirtualNetworkContainer vnetContainer = resourceGroup.GetVirtualNetworks();
VirtualNetwork virtualNetwork = await vnetContainer
    .Construct("10.0.0.0/16", location)
    .CreateAsync("myVnetName");
```

Now that we have a virtual network, we must create at least one subnet in order to add any virtual machines.

> Following the hierarchy in Azure, subnets belong to a virtual network, so that's where we'll get our `SubnetContainer` instance.  After that, we'll again use the `Construct` helper method to create our subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the hierarchy in Azure, subnets belong to a virtual network, so that's where we'll get our `SubnetContainer` instance. After that, we'll again use the `Construct` helper method to create our subnet.
```

Example: Creating a Virtual Network
--------------------------------------

> In this example we will be create a VirtualNetwork.  Since the SDK follows the resource
> hierarchy in Azure, we will need to do this inside of a ResourceGroup.  We will start by creating
> a new resource group like we did above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we'll create a virtual network. Since the SDK follows the resource hierarchy in Azure, we'll need to do this inside of a resource group. Start by creating a new resource group, like we did above:
```

```csharp

>     ArmClient armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());
>     ResourceGroupContainer rgContainer = armClient.DefaultSubscription.GetResourceGroups();
>     ResourceGroup resourceGroup = await rgContainer.Construct(LocationData.WestUS2).CreateAsync(rg);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var armClient = new ArmClient(new DefaultAzureCredential());
ResourceGroupContainer rgContainer = armClient.DefaultSubscription.GetResourceGroups();
ResourceGroup resourceGroup = await rgContainer.Construct(LocationData.WestUS2).CreateAsync(rg);
```

```

> Now that we have a ResourceGroup we will now create our VirtualNetwork.  To do this we will use
> a helper method on the container object called Construct(...) which will allow us to create the request
> object and then send that to the Create(...) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have a resource group, we'll create our virtual network. To do this, we will use a helper method on the container object called `Construct`. The helper method allows us to create the request object and then send that to the `Create` method.
```

```csharp

>     VirtualNetworkContainer vnetContainer = resourceGroup.GetVirtualNetworks();
>     VirtualNetwork virtualNetwork = await vnetContainer
>         .Construct("10.0.0.0/16", location)
>         .CreateAsync("myVnetName");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VirtualNetworkContainer vnetContainer = resourceGroup.GetVirtualNetworks();
VirtualNetwork virtualNetwork = await vnetContainer
    .Construct("10.0.0.0/16", location)
    .CreateAsync("myVnetName");
```

```

> Now that we have a VirtualNetwork we must create at least one Subnet in order to add any VirtualMachines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have a virtual network, we must create at least one subnet in order to add any virtual machines.
```

> Again following the hierarchy in Azure Subnets belong to a VirtualNetwork so that is where we will
> get our SubnetContainer instance.  After that we will again take advantage of the Construct(...) helper
> to create our Subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the hierarchy in Azure, subnets belong to a virtual network, so that's where we'll get our `SubnetContainer` instance.  After that, we'll again use the `Construct` helper method to create our subnet.
```

```csharp

>     string subnetName = "mySubnetName";
>     SubnetContainer subnetContainer = virtualNetwork.GetSubnets();
>     Subnet subnet = await subnetContainer
>         .Construct("10.0.0.0/24")
>         .CreateAsync(subnetName);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
string subnetName = "mySubnetName";
SubnetContainer subnetContainer = virtualNetwork.GetSubnets();
Subnet subnet = await subnetContainer
    .Construct("10.0.0.0/24")
    .CreateAsync(subnetName);
```
